# SNHU-CS-255-System-Analysis-and-Design-Jason-Sedgwick

The client DriverPass, wanted an app created that would help user's pass their driver's test. User's would have access to learning and testing materials and would also be able to schedule hands on driving lessons through the app.  I was able to create a well organized business plan and several UML designs that showed the use cases and interactions that occur within the system, giving both developers and end users a better understanding visually of how the application will work.  I think if I could choose one part that I would revise, it would be the use case UML.  I think I could have done a better job with organizing the actors and the use cases they are associated with.  The interview transcript provided us with a great start to what the user wanted and then some outside research had to be done to determine the technology requirements.  Developers should always be considerate of the users needs when designing because it's important that a user friendly application is the end result.  Don't make it too complicated or users will get frustrated.  I always approach my designs as if I were the end user, with zero technical knowledge.  I ask myself would I be able to use this with little or no assistance?  I think that it is imperative that all users are able to navigate and use the software effortlessly, because it could be the difference between success and failure.  

Finally, I will briefly discuss what I learned about approaching the design process.  In whatever little free time I have, I try to code something, or learn something new.  For instance I am currently researching and learning the basics of quantum computing.  I have an idea for an application that I would like to try and create at that level.  Anyhow, my approach to this is to gather the appropriate information on how to start designing a quantum app.  I learned a lot from this course.  I learned that gathering information is both important and intensive.  I think this course has changed my design approach in that it has made me consider all aspects of the design.  Not that I didn't consider them before but I realize the importance of creating well organized design documentation can help prevent more work and future headaches.  If I am creating a software application for professional or personal use, I will definitely outline what I want to accomplish and research the nonfunctional and functional requirements of the application.  As a developer, I know there are times I want to jump right in and start coding, but have learned a lot from this course, and that this is not the best approach.  
